---
title: December 1998 Business Meeting
---

A number of organizational topics were discussed at the
meeting.
<P>
1. Executive Committee and Volunteers
<P>
There have been a number of resignations from key positions in the
TLUG executive committee over the past few months.  People have moved,
become more busy at work, or moved on to other interests.  Our thanks
to past Presidents Craig Oda and Joe Marchak, Japanese Liaison Ken Harada, and all of
the directors, including John Little and Rex Walters.  These guys have
contributed a LOT of effort to the group.  Joe in particular put an
<EM>incredible</EM> amount of work into organizing the equipment for each
meeting.
<P>
The sense of the meeting was that we need to fill some 
important positions to ensure a sense of continuity and purpose, as
well as to have some accountability for TLUG assets.
<P>

<DIV ALIGN=center> 
<TABLE BORDER=0 CELLSPACING=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90% BGCOLOR="#FFFFFF">
<TR><TD BGCOLOR="#FAEBD7"  VALIGN=top>President:</TD><TD BGCOLOR="#FAEBD7">  Alberto Tomita agreed to serve as President, which
             was <EM>enthusiastically</EM> approved by those present.</TD></TR>
<TR><TD BGCOLOR="#FAEBD7"> Treasurer:</TD><TD BGCOLOR="#FAEBD7">  Tim Meggs 
             agreed to continue serving as treasurer.
</TD></TR></TABLE>
</DIV>
<P>
Alberto suggested that we confirm these positions on the mailing
list no later than January 10th, either by discussion or perhaps
using eVote.  (Please use the 
<A HREF="https://lists.tlug.jp/MLadm/index.html">tlug-admin</A> mailing list if you would
like to discuss this, or volunteer to help the club in any capacity.)
<P>
Another <EM>key</EM> position that needs to be filled is Japanese Liaison.
The ideal person for the job is one who is fluent in Japanese and
English, so that he can easily provide translation of the meeting
announcements and summaries, serve as a Japanese point of contact for
the group, and perhaps help out with interpretation during a meeting
on occasion. Volunteers are eagerly sought to help out with these
tasks.
<P>
There are also a number of other volunteers that contribute their
time and effort to making TLUG go:
<P>
<DIV ALIGN=center> 
<TABLE BORDER=0 CELLSPACING=0 CELLPADDING=3 WIDTH=90% BGCOLOR=white>
<TR><TD BGCOLOR="#FAEBD7"> Librarian: </TD><TD BGCOLOR="#FAEBD7">  Jonathan Byrne</TD></TR>
<TR><TD BGCOLOR="#FAEBD7"> Webmaster: </TD><TD BGCOLOR="#FAEBD7">  Jim Schweizer</TD></TR>
<TR><TD BGCOLOR="#FAEBD7" VALIGN=top> Listmaster:</TD><TD BGCOLOR="#FAEBD7">  Alberto Tomita (although he will be looking for a
                              replacement as he assumes the presidency)</TD></TR>
<TR><TD BGCOLOR="#FAEBD7"> Snackmaster:</TD><TD BGCOLOR="#FAEBD7"> Shigeo Honda</TD></TR>
<TR><TD BGCOLOR="#FAEBD7"> Server Administration: </TD><TD BGCOLOR="#FAEBD7"> Chris Sekiya and Scott Stone</TD></TR>
<TR><TD COLSPAN=2 BGCOLOR="#FAEBD7"> (Sorry if I missed any of the other appointed or "titled" volunteers.)
</TD></TR></TABLE>
</DIV>
<P>
And there are still more people that contribute to the club without
having an official title.  &lt;Unabashed editorializing&gt;<EM>Everyone</EM> is
encouraged to volunteer and do something to make the group better.
Join the tlug-admin mailing list and offer any suggestions or help
that you can. TLUG always needs a steady stream of new
volunteers.&lt;/editorial&gt;
<P>
2. Inventory
<P>
The president, treasurer, and librarian will conduct a rough
inventory of TLUG's assets.  We have acquired a number of machines,
books, and miscellany, as well as using some equipment that belonged
to HSBC, and so need to identify what is what.  We also need to find
a good place to store our equipment and library, ideally at or near
our meeting site.
<P>
3. Meeting Venue(s)<BR>
We've been very fortunate to be able to meet at the HSBC offices for
the past year and a half.  TLUG owes them, and particularly Joe
Marchak, a <STRONG>BIG</STRONG> thanks.
<P>
A. Steve Carter was able to step forward and find a place at
 <A HREF="http://www.tuj.ac.jp/maps.html"> Temple
University</A> where we can meet for a nominal fee.  The university
administration seems flexible, and is even interested in Linux.  In
addition to our regular meetings, Steve suggested that it might be
possible to use one of the rooms to conduct classes or seminars for
the group, for things like a step-by-step installation clinic or
detailed technical presentations.  The only drawback to the site is
that it is a little inconvenient by train, being about a 15 minute
walk from the Tamachi JR or Mita subway stations, or 20 minutes from
Hiroo.
<P>
B. Alternative venues are also an option.  If you know of a better
place to meet, please let the group know.
<P>
C. Stephen Turnbull proposed holding a meeting at Tsukuba, an idea
which garnered some interest.  He will investigate further and the
topic will be discussed on the mailing lists. (See, you really should
participate in <A HREF="https://lists.tlug.jp/MLadm/index.html">tlug-admin</A>. :-)

D. The Tokyo Station Tengu is still the group's choice for the Nomikai.

[Part 1 - Presentation Meeting](/meetings/1998/12/)

Report by <B>Jim Tittsler</B>, Tokyo   ICQ: 5981586

